hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the Dell XPS 13
so this has been updated to skylake it's
the 935 zero model I did a review
earlier this year on the 930 for three
model but because they're so similar I'm
not going to do like a super
comprehensive video on this one but I've
been using for the past couple of months
and wanted to highlight some things that
they've changed and some things that
haven't changed let's do it okay so it
comes in the same black box as before
there's no accessories and the same 45
watt AC adapter with its cool light-up
tip but the three-position duck head
from before was discontinued so you have
to just use this long extension cord the
exterior is unchanged it's got the same
premium aluminum finish on the exterior
with that air intake and the serial
number hatch on the bottom the screws
come off but just like the previous
generation only the storage drive is
upgradable the RAM is soldered on the
build quality hasn't changed everything
is still really well engineered and it
feels tight and rigid it's good stuff
the ports on the outside are unchanged
for the most part the only noticeable
difference is the mini DisplayPort which
has been replaced with a USB 3.1 type C
Lightning port so this port has a ton of
bandwidth and adds potential for a
future connectivity the laptop can also
be charged using this port if you have
an appropriate charger the unit I have
here is a core i5 6200 u running at 2.3
gigahertz a 13.3 inch quad HD
touchscreen Intel HD 520 graphics eight
gigs of ram 256 gigs of storage all for
$1,400 us and going with a 1080p screen
instead of the quad HD screen will save
you about three to four hundred dollars
opening it up you get the same carbon
fiber material as the previous
generation it's durable it looks good
and is a nice rubbery finish to it I
love this stuff the screen options are
the same as before so my review unit
last time had a 1080p screen which was
good but nothing super special this unit
here has the quad HD screen now this
higher res screen doesn't come cheap and
it drains batteries quicker but it's
really nice so it's an IPS panel with
great color reproduction
viewing angles and it's really bright
like brighter than a 13-inch MacBook Pro
both of these screen options still have
this amazingly thin bezel which is like
the signature feature of the XPS line
right now and the webcam is still down
here but it doesn't bother me too much
the keyboard hasn't changed it's a
decent backlit keyboard and the typing
experience is something that most users
will get comfortable with after a little
bit of use the glass trackpad is
unchanged in terms of the hardware but
there's been a slew of updates since the
first iteration launched so if you are
an early adopter of the XPS 13 back in
February and you hated this trackpad
it's had significant improvements since
then it's still not an amazing trackpad
and the one on the XPS 15 is noticeably
better but for a 13-inch windows-based
Ultrabook this one's pretty good now
drive performance has improved the
previous generation used in m2 satis lot
this one uses a PCIe slot which is a
much faster interface but the drive they
have in here is the 256 gig PM 951 drive
from Samsung and if you've seen my XPS
15 review it's right speed is a little
slow for a PCIe Drive it's still a step
up from the previous generation but if
you need super fast write speeds you
should upgrade this the interface can
push much faster write speeds the new
skylake processors are faster and the
more energy-efficient CPU performance is
around 10 to 15 percent better than
Broadwell chips but combined with the
new HD 520 graphics it's around a 20%
increase in gaming performance at least
theoretically it's on a gaming laptop
but lightweight games can hit 50 to 55
frames per second at 1080p
if you're running on low graphics
settings but moderately demanding games
like Rainbow six or a fallout 4 those
get around 35 to 40 frames per second on
low graphics settings and really
demanding games like Witcher 3 are
basically unplayable speakers are the
same as before they sound pretty good
and they get loud and the fan noise has
improved a lot
it still idles at around 20 decibels but
under load this thing is much quieter
than before the older model used to
break 40 decibels now it's around 30
decibels the thermals haven't changed it
still gets a little warm but it's not
too bad
there's a slightly bigger battery on the
inside now it used to be a 52 watt hour
battery now it's a 56 water hour battery
and for the first month I use this I was
actually
less battery life than the previous
generation but in early December a BIOS
update came out which fixed a battery
drain bug
so now battery life is very similar to
the previous generation with screen at
75% brightness you can expect around 8
hours of regular use on the quad HD
screen and about 10 to 11 hours of
regular use on the 1080p screen and also
got around 2 hours of playing games with
screen at maximum brightness so with the
updated XPS 13 we're getting the same
aluminum and carbon fiber materials with
excellent build quality we're getting
the same screen options as before both
of them with that super thin bezel the
1080p screen is good the quad HD screen
is great the keyboard and trackpad are
unchanged but the trackpad software has
improved significantly over time they're
both pretty good now they're running
Skylink chips now that are slightly
faster than the Broadwell chips and they
support USB 3.1 the ram still isn't user
upgradeable so make sure you get enough
when you order and the storage drive is
still upgradable and it now uses a much
faster PCIe interface the battery life
is really solid for an ultrabook and
lasts about the same as the previous
generation so to wrap this up this is
still my favorite 13-inch windows-based
Ultrabook it's not a super
budget-friendly device but it's really
well built it's got a good performance
and it looks good and it's actually one
of the few devices that have top-tier
build quality top to your performance at
a reasonable price that's the end of
this review hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you did subs if you loved it
it's been nice see you guys next time